Chinese are so stupid
People owe more than ten years here and you don't notice
You are 30
What should I do if our money is frozen?
President Jiang turned out to be from Wuhu
Impossible, there is a big brother liar.
This is paying back the money.
Pay it back. Pay it back
Yeah, almost got scammed.
A bunch of idiots
Tell all the countries to total 50.
Please run away hey
Qi Tianjiang Yonghui killed someone
Let's get out of here
This place is surrounded by all ten people in our country V
No one wants to escape
If you want to live
Hand over all the money
Don't worry, I'll protect it.
Close the door and beat the dog
You can help him smash it.
Dad and I said 50 soldiers
You'll soon find out who the real dummy is.
Ah!
Ah, people are dying, the disabled are really hiding their ears